requirements/README.md, before:

# Friend Finder

## Basic requirements, MVP, and stretch goals from original specification

Pitch: There are no good apps for people to match with friends the same way there are apps for people to match with potential partners. Friend finder is the "Plutonic" version of tinder.  

MVP: Upon account creation, a user will be guided through the process of selecting a bunch of questions to survey as many of their interests as possible. As a user I want to be able to see people using friend finder to determine whether or not I'd like to request a match. I will be presented with another user, and I can select "Match/Move on". 

Clicking "match" sends a message to that particular user to see who's requested matches. As a user I can see a page of users who've requested my match and either reciprocate with a "match or move on".

Once matched, users can start to chat one with another and coordinate times/places to meet up to casually make new friends.

Stretch: Make it geolocated so that I can only match with people in my area. Build in an activity suggestions tool which is integrated with Yelp/Foursquare or Meetup.org or the like in order to gather interest around certain activities in your area.

Commit message:

Add links to requirements README

requirements/README.md, after:

# Friend Finder

## Basic requirements, MVP, and stretch goals from original specification

Pitch: There are no good apps for people to match with friends the same way there are apps for people to match with potential partners. Friend finder is the "Plutonic" version of tinder.

MVP: Upon account creation, a user will be guided through the process of selecting a bunch of questions to survey as many of their interests as possible. As a user I want to be able to see people using friend finder to determine whether or not I'd like to request a match. I will be presented with another user, and I can select "Match/Move on".

Clicking "match" sends a message to that particular user to see who's requested matches. As a user I can see a page of users who've requested my match and either reciprocate with a "match or move on".

Once matched, users can start to chat one with another and coordinate times/places to meet up to casually make new friends.

Stretch: Make it geolocated so that I can only match with people in my area. Build in an activity suggestions tool which is integrated with Yelp/Foursquare or Meetup.org or the like in order to gather interest around certain activities in your area.

## Design and implementation requirements

To translate product description into actionable functionalities

- [Design requirements](01-design-requirements.md)
- [Implementation requirements](02-implementation-requirements.md)
